【方块信息】
hardness：2
tool：Axe
luminance：0
15 (Active)
flammable：Yes

Sortingwood Engine is a core that grows in a Sorting Tree. This core looks like a Sortingwood Log, except for a gray eyelid shape in the middle. When right-clicked, the core will change to display an open eye.

When in the active state, the Sortingwood Engine will begin the sorting function. Any inventory within a 2-block radius from the Sortingwood Engine will act as an input for the sorting function, and any inventory outside the inner radius will accept any sorted items. There is a preference to how the Sortingwood Engine will sort items into inventories, attempting to group same items in the same inventory if possible. Inventories are not limited to Chests or Block Entities; anything that has the ability to accept inputs and outputs of items is considered an inventory, including Entities such as Llamas. This affects any block or entity within a 16-block radius from the core.

Sortingwood Engine cannot be harvested and will only drop a Sortingwood Log when broken. As such, caution must be taken to prevent the Sortingwood Engine from breaking.

## History
【历史更新】
• 1.15.0：Added Sortingwood Engine. It cannot be turned off.
• 1.17.1：Sortingwood Engine can no longer be harvested. Instead, it drops as Sortingwood.
Sortingwood Engine can now be triggered on or off.
Redrew Sortingwood Engine for inactive and active textures.
• 3.3.202：Sortingwood Engine could be harvested with Silk Touch. This has been rectified, and no longer occurs.
• 3.5.263：Fixed attempting to harvest Sortingwood Engine only dropping Timewood instead of Sortingwood.
• 4.1.1096：Sortingwood Engine now uses IItemHandler for sorting. This means more block entities are sorted, and entities may be sorted.
Sortingwood Engine now sorts items from inventories in a 2-block radius into inventories within the default radius.
Items sorted in the same inventory will emit green particles from the inventory's origin.
• 4.2.1696：Fixed Sortingwood Engine sorting items into invalid inventory slots.